did not give up we will find a way to
deliver out the presents
I
[Music]
reviewing the sad situation Madeline had
an inspiration and she cried out with
elation work you may be small but you
have big ideas and though it was quite
late at night they both prepared to take
the flight line was more than willing to
set out on a flight so DH really dash
away dash away dash away
[Music]
this is
and so it was a night most rare a joyous
moment of love to share with children
living everywhere but the biggest thrill
that night so pretty was giving gifts in
her own City the sleigh moved at a
quickened pace as they brought gifts
from place to place they miss Cavell
felt her heart race Oh something is not
right it is almost light Santa Claus is
not back yet Oh
[Music]
Oh No whereís nevermind that must be
Santa perhaps he knows where Madeline is
[Music]
Shh shock her eyes were open wide when
she saw who brought the gifts inside and
soon the others love Danielle to see
just what their stockings held the best
surprise was at the end when Madeline
introduced her friend I'll be watching
what I eat from now on right Madeline
[Music]
and later on that Christmas night they
gathered Christmas and find out the best
[Music]
and once again as in years before
children opened gifts galore and that's
all there is there isn't
[Music]